Hello again everyone. This is Terry Bowden
with Expert Village. We're taking a look at
templated websites okay? And just to kind
of show you it's a little easier to use these
in the fact that they're pretty much already
made. The templates are already set for you
and all you have to do is move pictures around.
You can use their library or you can upload
your own photos. Of course you have to put
in your own text. I mean we have to put in
our own information, right? They can't do
it for you. So let's take a look. Now we have
permission from the Actors Club, which is
actually one online, and they're live okay?
But we have their permission to go in and
take a look at their site so I can show you
a little bit of how to use it. Okay. The first
thing we're going to do is we're going to
go to ADD. Now what that is is add a page.
Okay. And let's take a look at all the different
pages that you can add. You have the standard
web page, which has up to five or six photos
that you can put on there. Okay. There's the
photo album. And this would be really good,
and I think this is what they're using. Of
course we're not going to show any photos
on here because of some of the actors and
we don't have their permission, right? But
this is what they use to put all their actors
photos on the page. So if you were selling
something online you could put all your products
on there see, the photos and descriptions,
so you could sell them a lot easier than just
having text on the screen. So very, very good.
Also there is a product catalog where you
can also put your items on there. And that
gives descriptions, okay? You have a guest
book, message board, contacts pages. I mean
the list goes on and on and on. The calendar
is very, very useful if you want to put events
or different things that are going on with
you, your family, your business and so forth.
Maps, polling booth. All that with just the
click of a button. So let's add a page okay?
I don't think they'll mind. All right so let's
add a photo album page. Okay. We click on
photo album and it comes up the title of our
photo album. We would put photo albums on
there, right? We'd put something else. So
we could just highlight photo albums and change
it at will. So if we wanted to put up, let's
just say this is what they did, actors? We
could put actors. And what will happen is
you add the page. See that click to show,
add the page and voil`! There it is. So we
go into it. It's already added the page and
we've just got to put a title under the page.
And we change it, we just leave it actors.
We go down and we can put text all in here
in our text boxes. Hit save changes. Look
at there. Actors. We have made a page. Of
course there's no content on there but you
see my point? Very, very easy. One click there's
actors at the bottom of theirs. And of course
we'll go in and change it okay? But when we
come back we'll take a look at managing pages.